feat: Adapt the document to the release and add JSON views doc (#127)
lenra-io/docs: src/markdown/guides/create-client.md

---
name: Create an external client
---
The Lenra client is still in beta and it need some features (that we are working on) to give a good user experience for your app.

> This make it usable as is for PoC or back-end developers that don't want to have an advanced front, but for front-end developers it's limited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This makes it usable as is for PoC or back-end developers that don't want to have an advanced front, but it might seem limited for front-end developers.
```

That why we've created another kind of client for your Lenra apps thanks to the JSON views.

## JSON Views

> The JSON Views work the same way as Lenra views, but instead of defining components you can define your own result strutures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JSON Views work the same way as Lenra views, but instead of defining components you can define your own result structures.
```
